WHAT'S NEW?
  v0.75 Feelgood patch to move sprintf to snprintf. People might think
        that sprintf might cause a buffer overflow. Now it's clean. 
        cut-paste patches: you can now copy an intermediate host to the
        clipboard. 
  v0.74 Martin Pels' patch to allow UDP probes. 
        KES reported a build problem. Turns out I need to install gtk-1.2
        on my development sytem, otherwise my release script causes the 
        build to break. 
        changed some docs to advertise the new mailing list. 
        added documentation for the Mac OS X compilation problem.
        added -Wno-pointer-sign to the compiler options. 
        Nico Lichtmaier's cleanup-gtk patch. (now mtr uses a more modern
        dialect of gtk). 
  v0.73 Some securty patches. Although MTR drops privileges as soon
        as possible after opening the sockets, it still had some
        sprintf calls, which have now been converted into snprintf. 
  v0.72 Fix signed/unsigned bug in IPV6 part
        improved random packet size behaviour. --REW
  v0.71 Some IPV6 fixes, introduce packet size cmdline option. 
        (was already present as a cmdline argument) 
  v0.70 Antinio submitted a cumulative patch containing some
        nice improvements. He also submitted an automake patch
        that causes mtr to no longer compile on my system. I 
        refuse to have mtr "in the dark" that I can't test-compile
        the dist. 
  v0.69 make distclean should now also remove "rej" files. 
        Antonio Querubin: update getopt.h . More cleanups using
        new infrastructure. 
        rcw: Fixed IPV6 support: When compiled in an IPV6-supporting
        environment, but when the kernel doesn't support IPV6, mtr would
        fail to start. 
  v0.68 included some old patches.
        included patch from Antonio Querubin for better IPV6 support
        restructured some more whitespace. 
        added mtr.h where "global" things should go. Not finished
        moving things around, but now that the infrastructure is there, 
        it should be easy. 
  v0.67 Bad keyboarding by REW caused this one out the door. Sorry. 
        No changes. 
  v0.66 Through the Debian bugtracking system a bug report and
        fix was sent my way, that deals with stupid optmization 
        trying to save some 768 bytes of memory, sacrificing "it 
        works" on a different architecture... (default char signedness)
  v0.65 Dancer Vesperman noted that mtr no longer traces past
        a section of non-responding hosts. Apparently I added
        a line in net.c that didn't make sense in mtr-0.56. I 
        can't find the reason for adding that line, so someone 
        who thinks (s)he needs it, should holler. 

  v0.64 Philippe suggests to do the time_t thingy before socket.h. 
        Apparently, MAC OS X doesn't compile socket.h otherwise.

  v0.63 Suggestion by RCW: Add -lm at line 70 of Configure.in.
        On my system no ill effects ensued, so this version released 
        so that he can test if it still works on his sytem. 

        Let me add that it's stupid that I have to specify that this
        this program now requires Automake version 1.5 to build, where
        Automake was intended to make software independent of different
        versions of build software!

        For those concerned about the above statement: If you're just
        trying to compile and use MTR, there is no need for automake. 
        Just when you're messing with the configure and build system of
        mtr is automake a tool you need. 
	
  v0.62 Apparently someone changed gethostbyname into gethostbyname2
        in mtr.c in an attempt to add IPV6 support. For systems without
        ipv6 support, the old gethostbyname should be used! Linux 
        has the call even if you don't enable IPV6. Thanks Gary (rsub)

  v0.61 Attempt to get/print the local IP address. Now shows as
        0.0.0.0 :-( Hints and tips appreciated! -- REW
        Lots of blank space reformatting.
        moved the interface address setting to net.c (where it
        belongs). 

  v0.60 John Thacker submitted a surprisingly simple patch to
        enable linking against GTK2.  (up to 2.4.0)

  v0.59 Josh Martin suggested to add some bounds checking to 
        the dynamic field code. This caused me to delve in, and
        rewrite some things. Now 50 lines of code less, but cleaner
        code. :-)

  v0.58 I don't remember. Fogot to update this. :-( Check the 
        patch.

  v0.57 Lots of whitespace cleanups. And a DNS fix: Don't do DNS
        lookups in raw mode with -n specified. 

  v0.56 Fixed compile warnings. Now compiles with -Wall. If your
        compiler finds things mine didn't feel free to shout. 

  v0.55 Cleanup patch. I'm going to do some maintenance on MTR, 
        but I want to be able to say: Can you see which version
        fixed/broke things for you, so you're going to see a 
        bunch of new releases soon. 

  v0.54 Added "scrolling" patch from Roland Illig, to allow 
        scrolling in text mode. I've always wanted this......
 
  v0.53 Added fix for raw mode. 

  v0.52 Mostly cleanups from Brett Johnson on MacOS X. It may 
        clean up some compilation problems on MacOS X as well. 

  v0.51 Fixed the bug introduced by the previous select loop fix... 
        Thanks Evgeniy

  v0.50 Make "interface address" option work.
        Changes to "select" loop to allow window resizes (select 
        interruption) to work. Thanks Mike!

  v0.49 Fix compilation problems on several platforms.

  v0.48 Draw names in red (GTK) or bold (Curses) if host doesn't 
        respond. 

  v0.47 Fixed a (believed-) non-exploitable bufferoverflow. 
        Thanks Damian. 

  v0.46 Included patch to be able to specify outgoing interface 
        address.

  v0.45 People are pressuring me to release new versions with their
        changes. That's fine. Now this version just adds dynamic
        switching between numeric / dns names, and some minor
        stuff I forgot. This release serves as a code-sync-release.
        new version with even more new stuff in about two weeks!
        I'm afraid I don't know how to fix the MaxOS-X compilation
        problems in the source. Help wanted... 

  v0.44 David Stone adds the "last" column to the gtk version. 

  v0.43 Compile fixes.

  v0.41 Added afr's patch to allow disabling of gtk without Robn's hack. 
        Made report mode report the newly added extra resolution. 

  v0.40 Fixed some problems with HPUX and SunOS.
	Included Olav Kvittem's patch to do packetsize option.
	Made the timekeeping in micro seconds.

  v0.39 Forgot the parentheses around the previous fix... :-(

  v0.38 fixed some dubious code in dns.c (noted by someone's lint)

  v0.37 Added Bill Bogstad's "show the local host & time" patch. 
	Added R. Sparks' show-last-ping patch, submitted by Philip Kizer.

  v0.36 Added Craigs change-the-interval-on-the-fly patch.
        Added Moritz Barsnick's "do something sensible if host not found" 
	    patch.
        Some cleanup of both Craigs and Moritz' patches.

  v0.35 Added Craig Milo Rogers pause/resume for GTK patch.
        Added Craig Milo Rogers cleanup of "reset". (restart at the beginning)
        Net_open used to send a first packet. After that the display-driver 
            got a chance to distort the timing by taking its time to 
            initialize.

  v0.34 Added Matt's nifty "use the icmp unreachables to do the timing" patch.
        Added Steve Kann's pause/resume patch. 

  v0.33 Fixed the Linux glibc resolver problems.
        Fixed the off-by-one problem with -c option. 

  v0.32 Fixed the FreeBSD bug detection stuff. 

  v0.31 Fixed a few documentation issues. -- Matt
        Changed the autoconf stuff to find the resolver library on 
            Solaris. -- REW
        Cleaned up the autoconf.in file a bit. -- Matt.

  v0.30 Fixed a typo in the changelog (NEWS) entry for 0.27. :-)
	added use of "MTR_OPTIONS" environment variable for defaults.

  v0.29 Lots of stuff. 
        Neato overview display by David Sward. 
        FreeBSD does wrong in the kernel the same that Solaris/x86 (see 
            note for 0.27 does right. It forces mtr to send bad packets....
        Adjusted "not too much at once" algorithm. Now probing
           continues as long as not more than 5 hosts are unknown.
           Returning packets usually allow us to do the first sweep 
           in one go. 


  v0.28 DNS lookups are now suppressed if you don't want them. 

  v0.27
	Fixed bug that showed up on Solaris/x86.
	GTK mainloop now runs as it's supposed to.

  v0.26
        Added "-n" flag for numeric output. 
        fixed IP numbers displaying backwards.
        GTK mainloop now runs at 10 packets per second. 
          - That's too much if there are only 3 hosts
          - that's too little if there are 20 hosts.
        -> Someone tell me how to change the "ping-timeout" 
           callback time in gtk. Can't find it in the docs.
        The default for "hostname" is now "localhost" so that
        you can start mtr without any arguments and later 
        fill in the host you want to trace to. 

  v0.25
        Included two "raw" formats. One for separating GUI from
        the setuid program, and one suitable for later parsing and
        displaying. Volunteers wanted to separate the GTK 
        backend. Thanks to Bertrand Leconte for contributing 
        the format that's now called "split". 

  v0.24 
        Fixed number of probes. Accidentally was counted per 
        packet sent instead of per round of packets. 

  v0.23
        Fixed Sparc alignment problem with statmalloc

  v0.22 
        Roger has take over maintenance. 
        mtr now uses an "int" to pass options to the kernel. 
        Makes things work on Solaris and *BSD I'm told. 
        mtr doesn't fire off a flurry of packets when a new
        second comes around. Instead they are spaced evenly
        around the whole second. This allows people with a 
        relatively slow first link to do meaningful measurements
        of whatever is behind that.

  v0.21
        mtr now drops root permissions after it acquires the raw
        sockets it needs.
	mtr should be a bit happier about building under SCO and
        Solaris.
	Fixed the problem with packets arriving after a reset.

  v0.20
	The build process for mtr now uses automake.
        Fixed a build problem for Irix.
        Now uses non-blocking DNS code, so mtr can attempt
        to do reverse lookup on multiple hosts at once.
	Fewer packets are sent out each cycle, so mtr
	doesn't hog quite so much bandwidth.

  v0.19
	Fixed a type-o in curses.c

  v0.18
	Fixed the network code to work properly under FreeBSD.  
	Hopefully this will fix some other operating systems too.
	Also, fixed a build problem and the DNS hanging bug.

  v0.17
        Fixed the configure script to always like with the math
	library.  Added an icon.

  v0.16
	Added one #include to select.c.  Some people were unable
	to build mtr without this line.  

  v0.15
	Both the build process and the networking code have
	been cleaned up and reorganized.  mtr now builds 
	cleanly with GTK+ 0.99.8.  
