SECURITY ISSUES RELATED TO MTR

mtr invokes a sub-process, mtr-packet, which requires extra privileges
to send custom packets, and there are security implications from
granting this.

There are several different ways to provide the privileges:

1. Add limited privileges on systems that support this. (Preferred.)
2. Run mtr as the root user.
3. Make mtr-packet a setuid-root binary.

and IMPORTANT:

4a. Not supported: configure sudo to allow selected users to run
   (only) mtr.
4b. Workaround: Suported way to allow selected users to run mtr. 

Details:

1. Add limited privileges on systems that support this.

Some operating systems allow binaries to be run with only the subset
of security privileges that are actually needed.

Linux:
On Linux, privileges are known as capabilities. The only additional
capability that mtr-packet needs is cap_net_raw. To give this
capability to the mtr-packet binary, run the following command as root:

# setcap cap_net_raw+ep mtr-packet


2. Run mtr as the root user.

You can limit mtr usage to the root user by not putting a setuid bit
/net_raw capability on the mtr-packet binary. In that case, the
security implications are minimal.


3. Make mtr-packet a setuid-root binary.

The mtr-packet binary can be made setuid-root, which is what "make install"
does only if using setcap (above) fails.  Using setcap is tried first.

When mtr-packet is installed as suid-root, some concern over security
is justified.  mtr-packet does the following things after it is
launched:

*  mtr-packet open sockets for sending raw packets and for receiving
   ICMP packets.
*  mtr-packet drops root privileges by setting the effective uid to
   match uid or the user calling mtr.
*  If capabilities support is available, mtr-packet drops all privileged
   capabilities.

See main() in packet.c and init_net_state_privileged() in probe_unix.c
for the details of this process.

This should limit the possibilities of using mtr to breach system security.
The worst case scenario is as follows:

Due to some oversight in the mtr-packet code, a malicious user is able to
overrun one of mtr-packets's internal buffers with binary code that is
eventually executed.  The malicious user is still not able to read
from or write to any system files other than those normally accessible
by the user running mtr.  The only privileges gained are access to the raw
socket, which would allow the malicious user to listen to all ICMP packets
arriving at the system, and to send forged packets with arbitrary contents.

4a. Not supported: Allowing selected users to selecively run mtr using sudo. 

Unix and derived systems like Linux have a privilege system. 
It is not the best, but it works. 

Certain operations within the system, like accessing hardware or
setting the system time are considered privileged because you can mess
up the system if used maliciously. Similarly some networking things
are dangerous for the local system or could confuse other systems on
the network, so these are also privileged.

The way Unix(like) systems handle this is classically that only the
root user can perform the calls that implement these privileged
operations. Stuff that can't work without some privileged operation is
then implemented in a program that enforces certain rules to make
things safe, and the program is given "root" privileges (or on modern
Linux: just a capability). The program is then responsible for
not allowing privilege escalations.

mtr is pretty good at managing this situation by running a small
code-base until doing the privleged stuff, and then dropping
privileges.

Now, if you remove the "elevated privileges" and use "sudo" to allow a
limited group of people to run mtr, then "sudo" passes "too much
privleges" to mtr. Suddenly the whole code within mtr runs with
elevated privleges. This is NOT GOOD. We have now (may 2026) had two
reports of issues with this. I expect that there are dozens more
inside the various libraries that mtr uses, and these are out of my
control. So... sudo simply should not be used to allow certain users
mtr-access, while not giving them full "root-access". It does not
work. 

Security works if you build defences in the right place, and trying to
make the whole of mtr (including gui libraries!) safe for use as
root-user without allowing access to privileges not intended is
unworkable.

mtr still provides a weak attempt to cater to this situation. 
If you attempt this configuration you must create a file
/etc/mtr.is.run.under.sudo . If it exists, mtr will attempt to
plug a few holes.

So in conclusion: You cannot allow a group of users access to mtr
using the sudo mechanism and then expect mtr to maintain your system
security. 

mtr expects to run setuid-root and protects against privilege
escalation in that scenario. It is not guaranteed to protect against
privilege escalations if you run it under sudo.

4b.  Workaround: Suported ways to allow selected users to run mtr. 

4b1: YOU the system administrator that wants this configuration could
write a script or C-program that sanitizes the commandline arguments
and environment before invoking mtr. Configure sudo to allow the group
of users to execute that program, not the mtr-binary. This puts the
responsibiltiy to get it right on you, not the mtr (authors). This is
difficult to get right. Don't do it. You are not good enough to pull
this off.

4b2: Better solution: Install mtr-packet as usual with the setcap, or
setuid-root. Change the group of the binary to the group of
mtr-allowed-users, and remove the "other" execute bit.  If for some
reason this is not possible, move the mtr-packet binary to a directory
where only the mtr-allowd-users can access it. Then put a symlink in
the normal location. (But i've tested the simple solution (chown
mtrusers mtr-packet; chmod o-x mtr-packet) on Linux and that works.)



If you have further questions or comments about security issues,
please see the README file for details on how to submit them.
